Good day I am a sales consultant
Shopping complex Aktivku my name is
have an ark today i will tell you
general characteristics of pro inflatable
pvc motor boats
let's start from the very beginning what pvc is
let's try to figure it out
pvc or polyvinyl chloride is
synthetic material in motor boats
only reinforced material is used
what is it on polyester fabric
alternately applied layers of pvc materials
I can the number of layers is from 5 to 9
in our conditions for our reservoirs
acceptable and optimal will be
amount of materials from 5 to 7
next parameter we will try
figure out this boat dimension and
maximum motor power parameters
will be quite narrow and it will be possible
some exceptions but try first
lengths from two 70 to three meters
these boats from the right will suit for
one or two people here they can
be equipped with boat motors up to 5 8 sep
Well, again , I will repeat maybe
will be the exception of the following parameters
from three to three and a half meters these
motor boats will fit
already for three people maybe even for
move in four and be equipped
will be boat motors up to 15 sue and
last let's say so a category from three with
half meters and further why not
restrictions because the possibilities are both
would be further huge boats and
equipping with a motor i.e. it is from 15 forces
I have to apply almost
in some marine conditions as follows
parameters we will deal with you and
number of compartments because for
many it will be a question at
modern production conditions
associated quality features like
weld seam
so will be glued approximately
equally so in this category
cannot be distinguished
something specifically following parameters
will be the amount of sealed
spoon compartments minimum quantity
used in motorboats it's two
but the most optimal from this
naturally your will depend
water safety
the more the better, that is 3 3 + 14 +
1 will be the most optimal as follows
criteria will be type there are no three
main types of days he batten floor of
represents himself
waterproof plywood that fits
special pockets yes on the floor
usually applied on economy boats
class and is one of the most but not
what unreliable tell me very
can conveniently like your one small
plus you have it - this is a big volume with
transport the following type of bottom
will go full mortgage he
happens either plywood or aluminum plus
and will be like one such 2 0 name
would be preferable in terms of what
just will have possess a little less
weight and more durable precisely when
operated and the last type of bottom is
low pressure inflatable bottom main
the advantage of such a bottom is
possibility of extinguishing small blows
candy bar meaning you will experience
less discomfort when driving but
the main drawback of this will be
uneven but in the boat itself
the next rank dash steppe will be
the cylinder and its diameter is clear that than
more balloon the more you will have
splash protection
but there is a reverse side of the coin
accordingly, the smaller the volume will be
so-called interior spaces
or like Peter therefore all manufacturers
make some compromise either big
balloon and small as a view or less
balloon and add a little extra
spaces inside the boat which like
the rule never happens much
the next characteristic will be
seat either seaward at the can
There are several manufacturers
seat mounting options but buttons
select the main ones the first option
this mount lipase liters the most
common mounting option
seat from all manufacturers is
one of the most reliable and samovly and
the benefits are what
seat moves along the length here is
So you can always rest under him
adjust so that you were
really comfortable and comfortable
every particular situation outside
depending on whether you manage
either working with the second
an attachment option for boats will be
mount in a liter introduced it in principle
quite reliable mounting option
cans but he has just huge
the number of flaws the first is
naturally
their
movable relative to length that is not
always comfortable to sit or work with
motor or work with oars
you have to change from one shop
to another and again with further
movement is not always two or more people
it will be comfortable exactly in this position
the following parameters will be
transom
motor boats usually transom
sometimes glued to warm there are no two
species
either special plastic is glued in
holders that most reliable either
glue using exactly the same
reinforced pvc transom as a rule
be made of waterproof finca
plywood with various thicknesses and
some manufacturers add
extra reinforcement either plastic
cover plate
either metal that provide
durability trance and removal of damage
protective motor damage
absolutely all manufacturers at
boat manufacturing use either
import accessories
either furniture manufacturing
regardless of the price range or
price segment of vodka important
it would pay attention to availability
accessories
that is, it is extra comfort and
added convenience when traveling
all optional accessories
soft lining bags nasal lockers
running you are parking brand and all this
provide you a comfortable rest and
a pleasant pastime in nature
being on the water and moving in a boat
by
pond remember about proper
safety of use later in the summer and with
you were there as sergey with a consultant
trade complex asset come to us
we will always help you
I say goodbye to all the best